Undernet Channel Service
				   Email Change Form
			      -----------------------------

- PLEASE READ THESE INSTRUCTIONS!
- Please fill out the form completely, or your request will not be 
processed.
- Use this form ONLY when you cannot login on website with your 
username or you cannot use your username's old e-mail address anymore
- If your old e-mail still works we will not take into consideration 
this request.

PASSWORD RESET REQUEST
- If you need to have your password reset, please attempt to have it 
done
  via the web page. https://cservice.undernet.org/live -> Forgotten 
Password. 
  Use this form ONLY when you cannot login on website with your 
username or you cannot use your username's old e-mail address anymore
  After you will have a new e-mail address on the username, you will be 
able to recover the password from 
  the website like we told you before. 

E-MAIL CHANGE REQUEST
- If you need to change your email we have on record for your username 
login with your username at https://cservice.undernet.org/live and 
 click on Forms / Email Change Section .
 Use this form ONLY when you cannot login on website with your username 
or you cannot use your username's old e-mail address anymore
 Also PLEASE DO NOT use free e-mail domains for the new e-mail address 
of the username.
 
VERIFICATION/QUESTION ANSWER REQUEST:
- If you need to reset your verification answer/question use the 
Forgotten Password section of https://cservice.undernet.org/live .
 Type the username there and make a mistake in your secret answer. You 
will be redirected to the Verification Question/Answer Reset Form.
 Fill that form and submit it. If your old email cannot be used anymore 
use the Email Change Form from here to change it.
 Then, after the change is done, obtain a verification question/answer 
reset from website. 
 In case you can't remember the answer to the secret question, you can 
still use this form, by leaving the answer to the secret question 
blank, and by explaining into the Comments section the reason why you can't 
remember the right answer. Please note that there is a special way of 
solving this type of requests, and they're not solved in your favour 
every time.

- COPY AND PASTE THIS ENTIRE FORM into an e-mail (new e-mail address of 
the username) and send it to: 
        X@undernet.org 
        
- Allow 3-5 days for this change to be completed.

                  -------------------------------

Please supply the following information:

a. Username (not Nickname):

b. Old Email Address:

c. New Email Address:
      
d. - Verification Question answer: 
     (This is the answer to one of the questions below that you 
selected when
      you registered the username)
   
   - Please indicate which question you previously selected to answer. 
      a) What's your mother's maiden name?
      b) What's your dog's (or cat's) name?
      c) What's your father's birthdate?
       

e. Channels you have access on with the username:

Comments (if any):

------------------------------
E-mail Change Form
Undernet Channel Service
CService@undernet.org

*-------------------------------------------------------------------------*
  This document was last updated on May, 28 2005 - by Etherfast
  This file is maintained by Undernet CService Committee
  E-mail cservice@undernet.org with any suggestions or comments
  CService URL: https://cservice.undernet.org
  Undernet URL: https://www.undernet.org
